1. Can you brief me about yourself?
Hi, my name is XXX.
I started my career as a Testing Executive 4.5 years back with Infosys currently I am working as Test
Engineer.

My responsibility is to understand Business Requirement Specification and High-Level scenarios and to
convert them into test cases & Automation scripts if required.
Execution of test cases and reporting of defect to the developer if there any and get them fixed.
I have experience on Functional, Automation, Regression, Smoke, Sanity, Web accessibility, Web
Analytics, Mobile Testing.

In my previous project I have worked on Automation testing where we have used Cypress with javascript and
POM(Page Object Model) .We have used Page object model where we have
separated our test cases with page objects, and we performed testing on the same. For build
management tool we are using Bitbucket for version controlling we are using Git and for automating our
jobs for nightly run or any schedule we are using BrowseStack,.

For defect management & test case management we have used JIRA, TEST RAIL & HP ALM.
I have worked on tools like BrowseStack, DeviceAnywhere, Toadsql,
I am working on Agile environment we have daily standup call and we have 2-week sprint cycle. I am part
of 8-member team out of which we are 3-Tester, 2- dev, 1- manager, 1-scrum master.

• Tell me your Day to Day activities as QA?
First thing I do after login in my system. I check the active sprint in Jira for our project code. There I can
see my assigned open tasks. After that I will check my mail if there is any important mail I need to take
action on. Then we have our daily scrum meeting where we used to tell our previous day actions what we
did, what we are planning for today and if we have any blocker to discuss. Product owner and scrum
master help us to resolve that blocker. After that I need to take the pending task and do needed action
whether creating test case, Execution, Defect retesting if any.
• Do you have created framework from scratch, or you have maintained that?
I have not created Framework from scratch by myself but yes, I was part of framework creation and
created some part of it.
